added docs for reader, sender and apis. Bump packages (#347)
terascope/kafka-assets: docs/apis/kafka_sender_api.md

# kafka_sender_api

> This is a [teraslice api](https://terascope.github.io/teraslice/docs/jobs/configuration#apis), which encapsulates a specific functionality that can be utilized by any processor, reader or slicer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a [teraslice api](https://terascope.github.io/teraslice/docs/jobs/configuration#apis)which provides an API to send messages to a Kafka topic and can be utilized by any processor, reader or slicer.
```
